AERODYNAMIC ADJUSTMENTS MECHANICAL ADJUSTMENTS DIFFERENTIAL ADJUSTMENTS Should you choose to make adjustments to the setup the easiest way to change the balance of the setup is through adjustment of the rear wing angle. Generally speaking if you find you want to adjust wing position in more than a click in either direction it is recommended you start from one of the other downforce trim setups (high, medium, or low). Lower wing angle = More oversteer, less downforce, and higher straight line speed. Higher wing angle = More understeer, more downforce, and lower straight line speed. If you would like to change the mechanical balance without changing the aero balance the front and rear ARBs and ARB blades may be adjusted. This can be particularly useful if you are happy with the general balance of the car but want either more or less rotation in slow speed corners. The rear differential is a powerful tool in the Cadillac V-Series.R, and the simplest change one can make is increasing or decreasing the preload. While adjusting the preload will affect the on throttle behavior you will probably notice more of a change on entry and turn in. If you would like to change the aero balance without changing the downforce/drag trim adjust the rear ride height by increasing or decreasing the rear pushrod length offset. This will affect balance in all situations due to the high amount of downforce but this will be particularly noticeable in mid and high speed corners. Lower pushrod length offset = Lower rear ride height, less rake, a more rearward aero balance (understeer). Higher pushrod length offset = Higher rear ride height, more rake, a more forward aero balance (oversteer). Bigger front ARB/higher blade value = More understeer Smaller front ARB/lower blade values = Less understeer Bigger rear ARB/higher blade values = More oversteer Smaller rear ARB/lower blade values = Less oversteer More preload = Less rotation off throttle, more stability on entry. Less preload = More rotation off throttle, less stability on entry. The Cadillac V-Series.R GTP generates the most downforce with an average front ride height around 20mm and an average rear ride height around 35mm. It’s important to note that the least amount of drag is generated when the average front ride height is closer to 30mm. More rake (high rear ride heights compared to front ride heights) will move aero balance forward (oversteer) and less rake will move it rearwards (understeer), You can affect the dynamic ride heights (without changing the roll stiffness) on track by adjusting the front heave spring and the rear third spring stiffnesses.